# <p align="center">Just Price</p>
  


### ⭐ Objectifs

Create a small Bash game, inspired by the concept of The Price Is Right, where you have to guess a number randomly generated by the computer in a limited number of attempts.


### 📔 Instructions

1. The program generates a random target number between 1 and 100.
2. You must guess this number by entering a digit at each attempt.
3. At each attempt, the computer tells you whether your guess is "too high" or "too low".

your program will need to:

1. Generate a random target number between 1 and 100.
2. Allow the user to enter guesses.
3. Indicate whether the guess is too high, too low, or correct.

## User Handling

```
$ main.sh
move 1 : 10
Too low!
move 2 : 20
Too high!
move 3 : 15
Too high!
move 4 : 13
Congratulations! you found the right price *13* in 4 moves

```

### ⚠️ Errors handling

The program must handle:
Check that the user enters a number and not a string.

### 🎁 Bonus

Here are some bonus ideas, you are free to implement the ones you want or make others yourself

Change the number range: Allow to choose a custom range for the number to guess (eg: between 1 and 500).

Integrate several difficulty levels, for example:

Easy: Number between 1 and 50, 15 attempts.

Medium: Number between 1 and 100, 10 attempts.

Hard: Number between 1 and 500, 7 attempts.

Cumulative score and "replay" functionality: Implement a cumulative score and allow to replay, with statistics displaying the number of wins/losses.

Add colors to the game display and display a history of the player's previous guesses, so that he can see the previous attempts and avoid repeating the same numbers.
